{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red246\green246\blue246;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri60

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 CSC444'13 Assignment 2\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa380\qc

\fs38 \cf2 CSC444'13 Assignment 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\qc

\f1\i\b0\fs26 \cf2 Due\'a0December 2\super nd\nosupersub \'a0at Start of Class
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80

\f1 \cf2 The purpose of this assignment is for you to develop an awareness of issues regarding the use and implementation of source code control systems.
\f0 \

\f1 You may work in teams of up to three people.
\f0 \

\f1 Design and develop a simple command-line source code control system. The system should be capable of satisfying the following requirements.
\f0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Handle ASCII text files only.
\f0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 {\listtext	\'95	}Put a file under source code control.
\f0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 {\listtext	\'95	}Check in a modified version of a file after the user edits it.
\f0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 {\listtext	\'95	}Allow the user to associate a comment with each check-in.
\f0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 {\listtext	\'95	}Assign version numbers to all check-ins.
\f0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 {\listtext	\'95	}Check out the most current version of a file.
\f0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 {\listtext	\'95	}Check out any older version of a file by version number.
\f0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 {\listtext	\'95	}List all versions of a file with their associated check-in comment.
\f0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 {\listtext	\'95	}Create a new source control branch for a file associating a unique user-chosen identifier with the new branch (the original branch should be called "main").
\f0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 {\listtext	\'95	}All of the above requirements should be satisfyable equally for all branches.
\f0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 {\listtext	\'95	}Generate a suggested file as the next version for branch X based on the last change applied to branch Y (where X and Y can be any non-equal branch names).
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80

\f1 \cf2 Hand in:
\f0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}A specification document describing your command-line design (20%).
\f0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Includes 5% on perceived usability.
\f0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}A design document explaining the major implementation decisions (20%).
\f0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Includes 5% on perceived effiiciency (as validated in the code), and 5% on the quality of the algorithm for suggesting a change to branch X given a change in branch Y.
\f0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Source code for your system (40%)
\f0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Comprising source code modularity and design (20%) and readability/coding/commenting style (20%).
\f0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Test cases, expected results, and actual results (20%).\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa300\qc

\f2\b\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 Create a new repository on the command line\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f3\b0\fs24 \cf3 \cb5 touch README.md\
git init\
git add README.md\
git commit -m "first commit"\
git remote add origin git@github.com:zhwzh308/csc444asst2.git\
git push -u origin master
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa300\qc

\f2\b\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 Push an existing repository from the command line\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f3\b0\fs24 \cf3 \cb5 git remote add origin git@github.com:zhwzh308/csc444asst2.git\
git push -u origin master
\fs26 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
}